END USER LICENSE AGREEMENT

This copy of Software Package ("the Software Product") and accompanying
documentation is licensed and not sold. This Software Product is protected by
copyright laws and treaties, as well as laws and treaties related to other
forms of intellectual property. Aotu, Inc or its subsidiaries, affiliates, and
suppliers (collectively "Aotu") own intellectual property rights in the
Software Product. The Licensee's ("you" or "your") license to download, use,
copy, or change the Software Product is subject to these rights and to all the
terms and conditions of this End User License Agreement ("Agreement").


Acceptance

YOU ACCEPT AND AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT BY SELECTING
THE "ACCEPT" OPTION AND DOWNLOADING THE SOFTWARE PRODUCT OR BY INSTALLING,
USING, OR COPYING THE SOFTWARE PRODUCT. YOU MUST AGREE TO ALL OF THE TERMS OF
THIS AGREEMENT BEFORE YOU WILL BE ALLOWED TO DOWNLOAD THE SOFTWARE PRODUCT. IF
YOU DO NOT AGREE TO ALL OF THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT, YOU MUST SELECT
"DECLINE" AND YOU MUST NOT INSTALL, USE, OR COPY THE SOFTWARE PRODUCT.


License Grant

This Agreement entitles you to install and use one (1) copy of the Software
Product. In addition, you may make one (1) archival copy of the Software
Product. The archival copy must be on a storage medium other than a hard drive,
and may only be used for the reinstallation of the Software Product. This
Agreement does not permit the installation or use of multiple copies of the
Software Product, or the installation of the Software Product on more than one
host machine (including but not limited to a robot, a general or specialized
computer) at any given time, on a system that allows shared use of
applications, on a multi-user network, or on any configuration or system of
host machines that allows multiple users. Multiple-copy use or installation is
only allowed if you obtain an appropriate licensing agreement for each user and
each copy of the Software Product.


Restrictions on Transfer

Without first obtaining the express written consent of Aotu, you may not assign
your rights and obligations under this Agreement, or redistribute, encumber,
sell, rent, lease, sublicense, or otherwise transfer your rights to the
Software Product.


Restrictions on Use

You may not use, copy, or install the Software Product on any system with more
than one host machine, or permit the use, copying, or installation of the
Software Product by more than one user or on more than one host machine. If you
hold multiple, validly licensed copies, you may not use, copy, or install the
Software Product on any system with more than the number of host machines
permitted by license, or permit the use, copying, or installation by more
users, or on more host machines than the number permitted by license.

You may not decompile, "reverse-engineer", disassemble, or otherwise attempt to
derive the source code for the Software Product.

You may not use the database portion of the Software Product in connection with
any software other than the Software Product.


Restrictions on Alteration

You may not modify the Software Product or create any derivative work of the
Software Product or its accompanying documentation. Derivative works include
but are not limited to translations. You may not alter any files or libraries
in any portion of the Software Product. You may not reproduce the database
portion or create any tables or reports relating to the database portion.


Restrictions on Copying

You may not copy any part of the Software Product except to the extent that
licensed use inherently demands the creation of a temporary copy stored in a
host machine’s memory and not permanently affixed on storage medium. You may
make one archival copy which must be stored on a medium other than a computer
hard drive.


Disclaimer of Warranties and Limitation of Liability

UNLESS OTHERWISE EXPLICITLY AGREED TO IN WRITING BY AOTU, AOTU MAKES NO OTHER
WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, IN FACT OR IN LAW, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED
TO, ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
PURPOSE OTHER THAN AS SET FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT OR IN THE LIMITED WARRANTY
DOCUMENTS PROVIDED WITH THE SOFTWARE PRODUCT.

Aotu makes no warranty that the Software Product will meet your requirements or
operate under your specific conditions of use. Aotu makes no warranty that
operation of the Software Product will be secure, error free, or free from
interruption. YOU MUST DETERMINE WHETHER THE SOFTWARE PRODUCT SUFFICIENTLY
MEETS YOUR REQUIREMENTS FOR SECURITY AND UNINTERRUPTABILITY. YOU BEAR SOLE
RESPONSIBILITY AND ALL LIABILITY FOR ANY LOSS INCURRED DUE TO FAILURE OF THE
SOFTWARE PRODUCT TO MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS. Aotu WILL NOT, UNDER ANY
CIRCUMSTANCES, BE RESPONSIBLE OR LIABLE FOR THE LOSS OF DATA ON ANY COMPUTER OR
INFORMATION STORAGE DEVICE.

UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES SHALL AOTU, ITS DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES OR AGENTS
BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANY OTHER PARTY FOR INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL,
INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES OF ANY KIND (INCLUDING LOST REVENUES
OR PROFITS OR LOSS OF BUSINESS) RESULTING FROM THIS AGREEMENT, OR FROM THE
FURNISHING, PERFORMANCE, INSTALLATION, OR USE OF THE SOFTWARE PRODUCT, WHETHER
DUE TO A BREACH OF CONTRACT, BREACH OF WARRANTY, OR THE NEGLIGENCE OF AOTU OR
ANY OTHER PARTY, EVEN IF AOTU IS ADVISED BEFOREHAND OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH
DAMAGES. TO THE EXTENT THAT THE APPLICABLE JURISDICTION LIMITS AOTU'S ABILITY
TO DISCLAIM ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES, THIS DISCLAIMER SHALL BE EFFECTIVE TO THE
MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED.


Limitation of Remedies and Damages

Your remedy for a breach of this Agreement or of any warranty included in this
Agreement is the correction or replacement of the Software Product. Selection
of whether to correct or replace shall be solely at the discretion of Aotu.
Aotu reserves the right to substitute a functionally equivalent copy of the
Software Product as a replacement. If Aotu is unable to provide a replacement
or substitute Software Product or corrections to the Software Product, your
sole alternate remedy shall be a refund of the purchase price for the Software
Product exclusive of any costs for shipping and handling.

Any claim must be made within the applicable warranty period. All warranties
cover only defects arising under normal use and do not include malfunctions or
failure resulting from misuse, abuse, neglect, alteration, problems with
electrical power, acts of nature, unusual temperatures or humidity, improper
installation, or damage determined by Aotu to have been caused by you. All
limited warranties on the Software Product are granted only to you and are
non-transferable. You agree to indemnify and hold Aotu harmless from all
claims, judgments, liabilities, expenses, or costs arising from your breach of
this Agreement and/or acts or omissions.


Term and Termination

This Agreement shall remain in effect unless terminated as set forth herein
(the “Term”). You may terminate this Agreement by ceasing to use and destroying
all copies of the Software production and accompanying documentation. Either
party may, upon written notice to the other party, terminate this Agreement for
material breach, provided that such material breach is not cured within thirty
(30) days following receipt of such notice. Upon expiration or earlier
termination of this Agreement, the license shall also terminate, and You shall
cease using and destroy all copies of the Software Product and accompanying
documentation. Notwithstanding any expiration or termination of this Agreement,
any provisions of this Agreement which by their terms are intended to survive
expiration or termination of this Agreement shall so survive and continue in
full force and effect.


Maintenance and Support.

This Agreement does not entitle You to any maintenance or support services with
respect to the Software Product.


Governing Law, Jurisdiction and Costs

This Agreement is governed by the laws of California, without regard to
California's conflict or choice of law provisions. Any legal action or
proceeding relating to this Agreement shall be brought exclusively in courts
located in Santa Clara, CA, and each party consents to the jurisdiction
thereof. The prevailing party in any action to enforce this Agreement shall be
entitled to recover costs and expenses including, without limitation,
attorneys’ fees. This Agreement is made within the exclusive jurisdiction of
the United States, and its jurisdiction shall supersede any other jurisdiction
of either party’s election.


Severability

If any provision of this Agreement shall be held to be invalid or
unenforceable, the remainder of this Agreement shall remain in full force and
effect. To the extent any express or implied restrictions are not permitted by
applicable laws, these express or implied restrictions shall remain in force
and effect to the maximum extent permitted by such applicable laws.

